Previously
on Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V...
(Dragons roaring)
Grr!
(Yuri)
Let's cut to the chase
and reunite as one!
No way!
Deploy the Isolation Dome.
(Yuya screaming,
Yuri laughing)
(Leo)
As I reunite the dimensions
and revive my daughter,
I cannot allow Yuya
to reunite into Z‐ARC.
My Isolation Dome shields him
from the Reactor's energies.
If you believe
in yourself,
your cards will
believe in you!
Now win this duel!
Concentrate on winning.
Yuri, this is it!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon...
destroy Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon!
I lose.
(maniacal laughter)
All that's left to do
is stop the reactor.
I won, Declan.
(deep voice)
Just like you wanted!
(all gasp)
You wanted a more brutal duel,
so I gave it to you!
Astrograph Sorcerer,
I call on you
to use your mystical powers
to reshape us
into a single
unstoppable force!
(Declan)
Those are
the other dimensions!
Look there!
(roaring)
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(people gasping)
(boy)
What's that?!
Don't panic.
We'll be just fine
as long as we stay calm!
That's a tear in the fabric
between dimensions
but which dimension
am I looking at?
(Dragon roaring)
(Z‐ARC laughing)
I'm back! Finally free!
Hey!
Where's Yuya?
Or should I say Z‐ARC?
He has to be
around here somewhere!
(Z‐ARC)
Why the long faces?
It is I, Z‐ARC!
Didn't you wish
for my return?
I didn't wish for nothin'!
The only thing
I wished for
is that I'm still
in bed dreaming.
Silence!
(all gasp)
I'm back to give you
what you want.
A duel‐‐ a brutal duel‐‐
like no other!
(all screaming)
This is nuts.
Its power is
off the charts.
Oh!
Come on!
No, wait!
I just heard from Ray!
Riley, this isn't
the right time for that.
Getting to safety is
our number one priority.
No, I really did!
She says that
she needs our help!
What?
She says that
she's the only one
who can stop Z‐ARC.
But there's no way
she can stop him
unless she revives,
like, right now!
Wait! Riley!
Let's go find Z‐ARC
and stop him!
Right!
I don't understand this!
Why hasn't Ray revived?
No!
I didn't provide the Arc Five
Reactor with enough energy!
I can't believe this.
She's gone... forever.
(Z‐ARC)
Duel me!
Ha ha!
Come on, duel me!
(maniacal laughter)
Who has the courage
to challenge the mighty Z‐ARC?
The dorms needed
a renovation,
but not like this.
This is horrible.
And it's our fault.
The Professor sold us
on the grand idea
of reuniting the dimensions
into a peaceful new world,
and we bought it hook,
line, and sinker.
But everything we did
has led to this,
the end of everything.
But you wanna know
something else, Sora?
It's not too late to
make up for our mistakes.
I know we can stop Z‐ARC,
but only if we
work together.
You are gonna help me,
right, Sora?
Not a chance!
But if you wanna help me
take down Z‐ARC,
then I'm all in.
(people shouting)
(man)
Let's get out of here!
(Z‐ARC)
Where do you think
you're going?
There's nowhere to run!
(laughing)
Duel or be destroyed!
(roaring)
(all screaming)
(Z‐ARC)
Duel or be destroyed!
(laughing)
(all screaming)
(Aster)
I don't think so!
(groaning)
Z‐ARC, your dragon's
breath won't get past us!
Yeah, but it still sure
could use a breath mint.
(laughing)
Finally!
An adversary!
(maniacal laughter)
(people screaming)
Ohh... was that supposed
to impress us?
(Aster)
Don't know, but Yuya
sure looks different.
Don't mistake me
for that fool.
There is no Yuya.
He's gone forever
and now there is only I, Z‐ARC!
Yuya's gone for good?
Well, I guess
he smacked you hard
with the ugly stick
on the way out.
That's right!
It's like he's half‐man,
half‐monster,
but 100% hideous.
You talk a lot of trash,
but let's see if your skills
are trash.
I'm looking forward
to a challenge,
so I'll give you a handicap.
I'll let you duel me
two‐on‐one.
(both)
Say what?!
After all these years,
I can duel again.
And you two will be
my first victims...
but you will not be the last.
(computer voice)
Generating
Action Field Crossover.
(all)
Time to duel!
I will go first!
Now you'll see
why I stand alone
as the ultimate duelist
in the universe!
I use Scale Zero
Supreme King Gate Zero
and Scale 13
Supreme King Gate Infinity
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now.
Now I can summon
as many monsters as I want
between Levels 1 and 12.
Levels 1 through 12?
That means he can
summon any monster!
I Pendulum Summon...
a pair of monsters worthy
of the Supreme Ruler!
A pair of Supreme King
Dragon Darkwurms!
With that, I'll end my turn.
He's knows how
to Pendulum Summon.
Like Yuya.
Z‐ARC must've
gotten those skills
when he absorbed him.
Yeah, but that
must mean that Yuya
is still alive
somewhere inside Z‐ARC.
We gotta find a way
to bring him out!
If we weaken Z‐ARC,
that might
break his spirit enough
to set Yuya free!
There's only one way
to find out!
I'm activating the spell
card Polymerization!
So now I can fuse
my Destiny Hero Decider
and my Destiny Hero
Drilldark together!
With the help
of this next monster,
your fate's about to take
a terrifying turn
for the worse!
I Fusion Summon
Destiny Hero Dystopia!
(roars)
Dystopia's special ability
blasts you with damage
equal to Destiny Hero
Decider's attack points!
(roars)
It's charming how you think
that would work against me.
When I have a Supreme King
on my field,
Gate Zero stops you
from dealing any damage to me.
I don't know how we're
gonna win this duel,
if we can't deal
any damage to him.
Oh, that's not all.
Due to Gate Infinity's
Pendulum ability,
I gain life points equal to
the damage I would have taken.
So thanks for the assist.
Yeah, yeah, lucky move.
And you think
you're all that!
But you're nothing
but just all talk!
Here's why.
You might have stopped
Dystopia's ability,
but you can't
stop his attack!
Go Dystopia!
Destroy his Darkwurm!
(roars)
I'm afraid
that won't work either.
When I have a Supreme King
on my field,
Darkwurm can sidestep
your attack.
(roars)
Then how about this?
I'm gonna activate
the spell card D‐Soul Burst!
By cutting Dystopia's
attack in half,
we both take
1400 points of damage!
Not today.
You foolishly thought
that my Gate Zero's ability
protects me from damage
only once,
but it lasts forever!
So you only hurt yourself!
Unh!
Maybe, but you know what?
With every move you make,
I'm learning more
and more about
your strategies
and it's only
a matter of time
until I figure it out.
Well, then here's
another lesson.
I can use Gate Infinity's
Pendulum ability
over and over
to increase my life points.
Okay, this duel isn't going
exactly as I planned...
but I still got time
to turn this around.
Whenever my Dystopia's
attack points change,
its special
ability automatically
destroys your monster!
(roars)
(chuckling)
Well, that's all I can do.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Sora, I hope you have
better luck than me.
Don't you worry a hair.
I got this.
If anyone
can set Yuya free,
it's yours truly!
Here I go!
(Z‐ARC laughing)
(Sora's voice)
I know Yuya's
trapped inside Z‐ARC.
I just gotta wake him up!
I just gotta.
I activate
Frightfur Sanctuary.
In order for
this spell to work,
I have to send three
Frightfurs to the Graveyard,
one from my hand
and two from my Extra Deck.
So I'm tossing
Edge Imp Frightfuloid,
Frightfur bear, and Frightfur
Tiger into the Graveyard.
But it's not a total loss,
'cause I have a spell
that lets me fuse monsters
that are in my Graveyard.
So now I'll activate the spell
card Frightfur Fusion!
Fury of bear, king of the
jungle, stuffing of pain,
when the three come together,
victory is attained!
Make way
for my mighty mash‐up!
I Fusion Summon!
Here comes the hairy,
scary, bear‐y
Frightfur Chimera!
(Chimera laughing)
My Chimera took down
a bunch of your
monsters before, Yuya,
and this time, it's
gonna have the pleasure
of blasting
away your Darkwurm!
(Z‐ARC)
Ha! But my Gate Zero
still soaks up
all your damage.
In fact, I regain
more life points instead,
becoming even
more powerful!
Wasn't exactly
your best move, Sora.
You think?
But Z‐ARC‐y boy over there
totally knows what's up next!
When Frightfur Chimera
destroys a monster
and sends it
to the Graveyard,
it's summoned
onto my field!
Darkwurm is
a Pendulum Monster,
so it doesn't go
to the Graveyard.
It goes
to the Extra Deck.
So you don't get
to have it.
Yeah, I know!
Because you did the same
move to me before, Yuya.
Remember?
When ODD‐EYES
was destroyed,
it didn't end up
in the Graveyard.
It's with me...
here in my Extra Deck!
By the way...
you dropped something.
(Yuya yelling)
It's your pendant!
The Yuya I know
would never let it
out of his hands.
You gotta remember
who you really are!
Huh?
I'm not giving up
on you, Yuya.
I end my turn.
Finally!
Ah!
You went
through all the trouble
of destroying
my Darkwurms,
but I'm bringing them back!
You've gone and triggered
my trap‐‐ D‐Hyper Nova!
If you Pendulum Summon
while I have
a Destiny Hero
on my field,
all of your monsters
are instantly destroyed!
So your Darkwurms can go
and wiggle around
with the earthworms
in your Graveyard!
Since I have
a Frightfur on my field,
not only are your
Darkwurms destroyed,
but all the cards
on your field!
And you take 500 points
of damage for each one!
That means you can't
use your Gates
to save you anymore!
Yes!
That's teamwork!
Now without those Gates
to protect him,
we can damage him again.
And if weaken Z‐ARC,
we might free Yuya
from his clutches!
(chuckling softly)
I thought you were amateurs,
and you've only
proven me correct.
You actually thought
you were stifling me
when all you did
was stifle yourself!
How's that?
You're wide open now.
But I won't be for long,
because by destroying
my cards,
you've actually allowed me
to summon
this monster from my hand!
My most skillful servant,
a sorcerer that has unlocked
all the secrets
of space and time...
Now he'll use
that knowledge...
in order to carry out
my bidding!
Astrograph Sorcerer appear!
I have seen that before.
(Sora)
It showed up
when Yuya went bonkers!
(Z‐ARC yelling)
My Astrograph Sorcerer can
manipulate time and space...
and restore all the cards
that you destroyed!
Oh man, all that work
for nothing.
(laughing)
Watch out.
My gut's telling me
this is bad news!
(lollipop crunches)
It is time to unleash
my full power
and wish you
a frightful farewell.
I banish
Astrograph Sorcerer,
along with my four legendary
dragons in my deck,
to unlock
their full potential!
Fulfill my destiny,
Astrograph Sorcerer!
Channel the energies
of my Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon,
my Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
my Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon,
and my Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Let the reunion begin!
(Z‐ARC laughing maniacally)
What's Z‐ARC doing?
I don't think
I wanna find out.
I'm not one
to run and hide,
but I'm thinking
we better move it
before we lose it!
One thing I know‐‐
a red sky is never good.
Look!
Over there!
It's Aster and Sora!
(Shay)
And... Yuya?
At least
I think that's Yuya.
No, that's gotta be Z‐ARC
And if he's back,
that's bad news!
Hey, Shay,
you up for a fight?
(Z‐ARC)
One merciless dragon
to rule over all others.
Merge with me and we will
dominate every dimension!
Let us reunite!
Reunite as one!
The ultimate union
of man and monster!
Pendulum, Xyz,
Synchro, Fusion!
All these powers are mine!
With the mightiest power
of each of the four dimensions
combined into one!
(roaring)
Together, we are
Supreme King Z‐ARC!
Unreal!
He fused together
with his monster!
(Aster)
I don't think any of us
were prepared for this!
With one last attack,
you're finished!
(computer voice)
Action cards dispersed.
Ah!
Intrusion penalty:
2000 life points.
It's Kite!
And Shay!
My my!
A couple more pests
have crashed the party.
I'll deal with you next...
which won't be long now!
Because with my arrival,
all your monsters
are destroyed!
All of 'em?!
Oh no!
This is bad.
And you take damage equal
to their attack points!
And that's terrible news for
the both of you, now isn't it?
(both gasp)
Dystopia has
1400 attack points...
while Frightfur Chimera
has 2800!
Together, that's
4200 points of damage!
Which adds up
to your downfall!
Aah!
Unh!
Unh! Ahh!
(both gasp)
Sora!
Unh...
Aster, you take a break.
You deserve one.
Leave the rest to me.
Just be careful.
Z‐ARC's power is unlike
anything I've ever faced
in this or any dimension.
Shay, I know Yuya's
still alive.
You gotta save him.
Please, Shay.
You have... to...
bring him... back.
Sora, don't worry
about a thing.
So you're my next victims.
No chance.
Kite and I are
taking you down, Z‐ARC.
And saving... our friends!